Meeting Log
Meeting 9.19
When: Thursday, Sept 19 @ 6 pm
Purpose: Meet team, establish roles, understand tasks
Attendance: (every team member): Meg, Dakota, Zeidan, Sione, Ash, Jett, K

Sione created a GitHub repository and shared the link with every member, he also uploaded a shared Word document containing the UPEDU template.

Company Name:
The Company Company (subject to change)

Roles:
Group Leader: Sione Daniels
Assistant Group Leader: Jett
Team Administrator: Megan Taggart
Assistant Team Administrator: Mohamed Ashraq 
Technical Leader: Abdelrahman Zeidan 
Assistant Technical Leader: K Li
Quality Assurance: Dakota Kling

We plan to meet at the same time every Thursday and have a group chat to keep updated or change meeting plans if necessary.
Each of us filled out our respective parts of the UPEDU document, we also talked about what we hope to accomplish during our meeting next week.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 9.26
When: Thursday, Sept 26 @ 6 pm
Purpose: Finish work for submission 1
Attendance: Meg, Zeidan, Sione, Jett, Ash

During this meeting, we worked on the Project Plan and decided how we wanted this project to go. We further established team roles and completed the project plan.
Meg and other available team members plan on meeting with a GTA on Friday afternoon (9.27) to see if any last-minute changes need to be made for the due date on Sunday.

The next meeting is set for 10.3 @ 6 pm

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 10.3
When: Thursday, Oct 3 @ 6 pm
Purpose: Get familiar with the next task/submission
Attendance (every team member): Meg, Zeidan, Sione, Jett, Ash, K

For this meeting, we all communicated to get on the same page about what we should do for the next worksheet and spent most of the time working on the shared Word doc.
We still have some unfinished sections by the end of this meeting to work on for next week, and it will help to wait for the grade of submission 1 to be posted so we can improve for our second submission.

The next meeting date is TBD because Thursdays will no longer work for everyone's schedule.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 10.16
When: Wednesday, Oct 16 @ 3 pm
Purpose: Finish the document for the next submission
Attendance: Meg, Zeidan, Sione, Jett, Ash, K, Dakota

We decided to change the meetings to Wednesdays at 3 so all members could be in attendance.

During this meeting, we completed the document, specifically the "2" portions, which provide an overall description of our project. 
Sione also completed a UML case diagram relating to our program and we added a Readme to our GitHub repository.

The next meeting is also TBD because the due date for Project Plan Pt 3 is not released, and 10.23 is the day before the 348 exam.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 11.5
When: Wednesday, Nov 6 @ 3 pm
Purpose: Start/Finish project part 3, the architecture document
Attendance: Meg, Zeidan, Sione, Jett, Ash

We met this week to complete the Architecture document and figure out how we want to format our system.
Classes and some functions were decided on, as well as what inputs would be considered valid, and completed the document.

Our next meeting is TBD.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 11.14
When: Thursday, Nov 14 @ 5 pm
Purpose: Plan/figure out how to set up our project to code, assign roles
Attendance: Meg, Zeidan, Jett, Ash, K

We decided to change the normal meeting time today, so more people could attend.

Jett organized the team's GitHub so all documents, README, and future uploads, like test cases, or the src are easier to find and access.
We also further discussed how we could work organically to write code over the next three weeks and planned for test cases.

Next meeting is TBD.

---------------------------------------------------------------------




